1. what is an application
2. What are the differences between web application and enterprise application
3. What is an Application Server
4. What is the latest version of wildfly and EAP
5. What  are the differences between wildfly and EAP
6. What is the minimum jdk version required to install EAP 8.1
7. How to configure java path in windows
8. What are the pre-req to check before installing JBOSS AppServer
9. What are the differences between standalone mode and domain mode
10. Default ports of jboss
11. In how many ways we can install jboss
12. What is the command to create a user in jboss
13. How to create multiple instances in standalone mode
14. How to create multiple instances in domain mode
15. What is the command to start jboss in standalone mode and domain mode
16. What are the important configuration files in standalone mode and domain mode
17. In how many ways, we can configure jboss with oracle
18. How to configure jboss with oracle using  Management Console
19. How to configure jboss with oracle using  jboss-cli
20. How to configure jboss with oracle using  xml file
21. In how many ways we can deploy an application and explain all the three ways
22. Explain, waht happens in the backend while deploying an application
23. What is the difference between webserver and appserver
24. How to integrate apache with jboss using mod_jk explain in detailed
25. What is cluster and difference between vertical cluster and horizontal cluster
26. How to configure hosrizontal cluster in domain mode
27. How to integrate apache with jboss using mod_cluster
28. What is a connection pool
29. What is the difference between background validation and validate on match
30. Explain request flow
31. What is heap memory
32. What is a memory leak
33. What is a garbage collector. What is minor GC and major GC
34. What are different GC policies
35. What is the command to generate a heap dump
36. What is a thread dump
37. What is the command to generate a thread dump
38. What is a profile in JBOSS
39. What are different profiles in jboss and explain the differences
40. What is a module
41. What is a subsytem
42. What is the connection url for oracle
43. How to check appServer is connected with the DB
44. What is the difference between XA and NON XA Datasource
45. What are the different log files in JBOSS and its location

Apache Questions
----------------
1. In how many way we can install apache Http Server
2. How to install apache in compile mode
3. What is the command to start and stop apache
4. What is the imp configuration file in apache
5. What are the default port numbers of apache
6. What is forward proxy and reverse proxy
7. What is URL redirection
8. What is virtual host in apache
9. How to configure SSL in apache
10. What are different log files in Apache

General Questions
------------------
1. Tell about yourself
2. What are your daily roles and reponsibilities
3. Explain about your project
4. Explain about your process

Troubleshooting or scenario based questions
-------------------------------------------
1. I am unable to connect to db, how to troubleshoot it
2. How to troubleshoot 404 error.
3. How to troubleshoot 500 series errors
4. How to troubleshoot OOM Error
5. How to troubleshoot performance issues


Linux questions
----------------
command to find free disk space
command to find free memory
command to fid os version
search a string in file
find and replace a string in a file
search a string in multiple files
command to search a file
command to change file permissions
how to edit a file
command to copy a file from once host to other host
how to configure ssh passwordless login
command to find os architecture
